welcome to the daily app show today
we're going to take a look at lambeau vs
zombies this is a very fun game
addictive and first thing you're going
to notice is the attention to detail so
there's lots of sound effects and kind
of things to keep you on your feet in
this game you're going to notice the
great graphics and lots of options so
that the menu here we can view how to
play which is a tutorial on how to play
takes us through with some images and
some text that shows us the different
details and so that will load up and
we'll have our help menu here we can
also view our rules and our monster book
and then hit the return key to go back
we have super powers that are also
available this is an unlockable option
which you can see I've unlocked I have
many lame bows unlocked which means I
have too many pistol shooters available
to me that's a 99 cent upgrade and then
I also have super lame bow turned on
that's a free unlock as you can see you
could turn him on and off down here you
see that many lame bows are deployed
let's go back we also have our lane
stats which we can view just to kind of
see how we're doing overall in the game
and so you get your stats this is also
Game Center integrated I'm playing with
a preview version so I'm playing in the
sandbox but what you're able to do is
unlock achievements and different things
which of course allows you to battle
against your friends for having the most
light achievements unlock and all that
good stuff tap on options and we have
some basic options here sound effects
music turn on and off vibration you'll
notice that in settings on or off gets
larger whichever one you have set which
I have set to on when you start the game
there's a story that plays and it's a
video and it's a short video you can
watch and it gives you kind of a
breakdown of why lambo exists and why
he's so you know ready for battle and
what's about to happen but I'm going to
take you into the game where I can stop
play and we go right into the option
where we can start a new game or resume
an old game now because I have a game
going already i'm going to choose resume
old
I have went in started games under
zombie farm that's the first section
that I've started to play in we also
have a store available to us which
allows us to make purchases let's go
into zombie farm and I'm going to go
into the barn now you can see there's
these stars underneath each level there
are three different difficulties you
could play this game and for each time
that you compete and complete a level on
a different difficulty level you get
additional stars so let's tap the barn
we're going to go right in I can choose
easy medium or hard I'm going to choose
easily get started that way I can focus
on talking about the game while playing
it and it's just a quick load here and
we're ready to go zombies coming alright
so we're in the barn we're in wave one
of three which means we have three waves
to complete this game we have all of our
guns down below we can choose some of
these are unlockable you have to
money and you make money by killing
zombies and then by tapping on these
gold bags or some of them draw the hunt
notice sometimes you can pick up
additional ammo so you'll notice i'm
also toggling between having the many
labels i'm not having the mini lane bows
and what direction they're pointment
another shooting in different directions
you know you're to tell our super lambo
and now i'm out all of our lane bros are
super an arc smaller so you'll see this
iphone up in the top left-hand corner
here from time to time that allows you
to go into Armageddon mode and you can
rapid fire upon zombie so you come to a
point where she got me for coming on to
the screen and they're getting too close
to you and you really need to attack
fast simply tap on Armageddon
yeah what it says if when you're in
Armageddon is Moses you can go into
attack switch guns you can see here i
switch to a different style gun which
uses my Amal now go and just try a
couple these different John ask you to
do as you can see all of them chillin
chillin
you want to be as accurate as possible
because at the end receiving
how many killed your accuracy you want
to be careful not to just shoot for the
sake of shooting you want to try and get
those changes so that you can make
purchases firearm and all that good
stuff so after you kill the certain
amount of zombies each wave is a
different amount for each level and now
we can move on it's going to take us to
the store where we can upgrade let's
check out your store alright so not very
good on the accuracy weapon upgrade
alright so now is where we can do our
upgrade and you'll see how much funds
you have available over here on the left
hand side now if you don't have enough
funds then you can't really do anything
but you can unlock an upgrade additional
firearms so let me go over here to the
right hand side and I may see here on
this one I've already reached the
maximum level here on upgrading but i
could buy more ammo burn baby burn some
of these guns that i was shooting with
are low on ammo now so i need to go and
recharge them buy some more ammo to get
back up to that full mark so that i'm
ready to go for the next stage now what
you want to do of course is complete as
many of those levels as you can get
throughout the game unlock more
achievements the levels are going to get
more and more difficult and then as you
get better you're going to want to go
ahead and increase your difficulty so
that that way it's more challenging and
you're getting more cash and all that
good stuff so that you can unlock more
weapons so that's what's available in
the weapons store so this game I really
like it because the graphics are great
it's fun it's addicting it's not too
difficult it's a game you could just
pick up and start playing at any time
and then put down when you're ready you
can always come back and restart your
game and start again at the beginning of
one of those levels so it's very cool I
think you're going to like Lambos vs
zombies I'll go back to worn out and
I'll start playing on the second of that
third wave and continue on towards
beating that
entire leveling so definitely check out
lambo vs zombies I think you're going to
like this game you can get it yeah